well it's been a very long time since
I've been able to stand next to lustboy
with a microphone but I'm joined by him
right now during week 5 of the NA LCS
was covered presented by Omni / less boy
first off why I don't think anybody's
had a chance to talk to you too much why
did you decide to come back to TSM and
come back to California so ok I'm gonna
I'm gonna just say it in Korean okay
we're gonna get we're gonna Kevin in
konkwon to translate it then chased him
into the onion and say oh that's a nice
play on a team it's rookies on a into
our calcaneal creamy tofu coaches I'm a
total zero to a so entitled
kombucha would taste I mean - ah so cool
ten into a 90 some sort of so taken
Johnson service a moccasin de que esto
mucho Grande really cool Cory check out
kmicic story kuchi kopi rocket M&A to a
Jewish Paseo actually before I joined
TSM I was like trying to retire but
they're like TSM like asked me to join
SM and then like I had a really good
time at a really good experience at a
really really good carrier and yes I'm
so I was really thankful for them were
asking me to join them and that's and
then when she asked me to ask me if I
want to be a coach for them I was like
sure I loved yes I'm yeah is there a
chance that if something goes wrong with
the team we could just see
lustboy returned to the stage and
compete once more uh-huh Oh
kudos to Hamelin Dennis ain't going
single invoke will seratonin chicken you
don't sound once we get them in a stage
of real opportunity man
so no chicken roaster no sunfilter touch
wahoo
cousin suited a check away performance
reports it to RO water with karaoke Mira
to be honest that's not a idea that
coach should have and I really like
everyone looking I like every player I
just want to be able to hope like I want
to be I wanna I want to enable them to
be a better player as a coach that's all
I'm thinking about right now
well let's talk a little bit about your
return to TSM what do you what is it
like being a coach compared to being a
player on the team because I assume it's
a very different experience it's still a
rocket Oracle creams I need to change
like in your caddy cool switch Kikuchi
Kabuto chuckles son so got stage of lava
so what happened bombing balls you
didn't go go take it to me sister game
it's hanging cool cuts in and I said
talents puts it down and she goes oh
joking so much again
put your chain and go to symbolically
it's a something critical time some
children in your care encourage him
inoculant was on your cutting board he
exuded a stage a zone checkup and energy
to rope hung some clip and honor
distance Oh Needleman comes on Captain
Turner oh good pandering to Arjuna
kikuchiyo cutting water I guess from my
experience like players and coaches have
very different roles and then but a
coach but coach but but the best coach
can do is like help from the screams
like you can help players decide like
what's the best situation for like like
repeating whatever like say like you're
like trading towers and whatever we can
get to like best results out of whatever
situation we are in I think it's like
it's the best coach can do let's boy
what do you think of this lineup of TSM
because it's a bunch of different
players compared to when you played mana
and teammates of academia it and chicken
cut in and touch it with chocolate on
gang go I'll take a whiff item Joan and
she trades okay Ian Tom K brilliance of
the day Coon hounds for impunity TSM is
on to Anam Cara Lee a cool bike on and
when John looky-looky da song she came
solo solo run on gentle current honking
de cría sorry sir whatever the winning
goal
everyone came from like different teams
like bawling came from g2 and they
played it for two years
hauntzer and bearson has been ingesting
for two years I'm like so rookie
technically so like I say we're still
under like adapting stage and I guess
it's little taking longer than I
expected
yeah what do you think the issues are
right now with TSM TSM eco song cocoon
because I'm clinician and I think I get
other going on î ò KD coaching Arizona
and they contain addicted AMA when
you're going to completely oh the Reda's
own console single do my animal till I
see ColecoVision the continent gaming
day you can get a synchro money is all
caught okay when Duke win the motel I
think the biggest problem is like we
have like too many ideas and thoughts
right now like some players are really
smart and they have like forbidden
knowledge that they shouldn't know so
like it's game the legal is a really
simple game so I feel like they're just
thinking too hard that it makes our game
harder to when you say forbidden
knowledge that they shouldn't know what
is in League of Legends what is
forbidden knowledge which hungry it came
from mocoso came from a cool and it's
part of him him saying side the Cossack
on what dr. Kaku could say it was just a
pretty I'm done in there pick a momentum
and I wanna situation is all
automaton came from Akkad be to become
virtuoso and also Compton champion and
he became imprudent I don't you go you
got that answer me they don't continue
Manawatu like for example like jungler
she just like to cams and just like go
back and get I them and just like
looking for ganked or whatever but like
for us like we like you look at like
other people's like I guess like lck
team's games and like oh this song like
does this and they're like we should do
this like he does this rare thing that
no more jungles don't do it just like
try to replicate those and it's just
like stop our gameplay alright very
understandable now last week I saw and I
don't know if the footage is out yet in
any kind of TSM video but
it was kind of cool to see that you guys
got the trophies from all the TSM's
victories and you were holding a trophy
that I'm sure you earned was it kind of
fun to sort of see the results of the
success that you've had in the past with
the team skatopia from sun gan on what
am I never said to talk on a boy in
dicing Linus was taught when I could on
the Kimbo done and wooden in Sacramento
topiary poetically got 90 min the
chocolate chicken timing all done yet so
to Cuba and rock which given a man how
to mine tour appointments or come on
turtle use pocket M&A through Peters I
see other see to do Decatur quad here to
be honest I don't I'm feeling like no
soldier yeah like oh that's my trophy
I felt like we don't have rights to hold
these trophies right now because we're
not performing well so like I know
everyone wants to hold on no one I want
everyone I know everyone wants to get a
new trophy so like I hopefully can work
for that last boy is there anything that
you would say tuning the fans out there
serious name is some kind of a tango yet
to revenue rules what am i tasting says
to run they're done date on the dough
using it why I drew scene in penguin the
other como comes out did ago she coming
something a canoe seaman and the CTS
enthusiastic to row under guest Amira I
was gone from just for a while and I
came back but there's still a lot of
friends who remember me and sure for me
so I'm thankful for them and hopefully I
can work harder and me and I can work
harder to make yes I'm a better team and
hopefully build the spring spirit very
good thank you so much Alice boy for the
interview think you can clone for
translating for everyone else you can
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel everyone hope you enjoyed that
interview you should be very happy not a
mediocre team liquid interview I do so
many of those that he was so boring I
just whatever and so if you'd like to
see more interviews
brought to you by Omni slash you can do
that right here on my youtube channel